# Mr. Fusion CEC/EE 420 Capstone Project

The Mr. Fusion project aims to build an autonomous robot capable of giving
tours on ERAU campus. The autopilot system is divided into three subsystems:
guidance, navigation, and control (GNC).

## Description

### Guidance

The guidance subsystem is responsible for path planning and decision making
for determining where the robot shall go during operation. It includes a
map of campus for coarse path planning and waypoint generation and uses a
3D time of flight (ToF) camera for environmental perception. Observing its
surroundings allows the robot to avoid static obstacles and stay on traversable
paths.

Subteam members:  
* David Stockhouse
* Sean Link

### Navigation

The navigation subsystem uses a sensor suite to determine precisely localize
the robot's position. The sensor suite contains an IMU, GPS, magnetometer, 
barometer. Additionally, the navigation subsystem uses wheel odometry from the
robot's motor encoders and computes optical flow from ToF images to estimate 
visual odometry. All sensor measurements are fused together for a high fidelity
estimate of the robot's position.

Subteam members:  
* Joseph Kroeker
* Emmett Hamman
* TJ Hall

### Control

The control subsystem drives the robot's motors to influence its position
according to commands generated by the guidance subsystem. The control
subsystem uses a dynamic model of the robot platform to send appropriate
control signals to the motors and correctly drive the robot where needed.

Subteam members:  
* Connor Rockwell
* Joy Fucella
* Duncan Patel

## Building

To build the executable for each of the subsystems, enter each subsystem
directory and execute `make`. To execute the test suite, first `make clean` and
then run `make test`. Cgreen must be installed to build and run the test suite.

Since the guidance subsystem is written in Rust, its makefile is only a wrapper
for the rust build system.

### Automated Tests

To see the automated test results, see the following link.

https://travis-ci.com/dstockhouse/mr-fusion-capstone

## Contact

Project Lead - Joseph Kroeker  
[kroekerj@my.erau.edu](mailto:kroekerj@my.erau.edu)

Technical Lead - David Stockhouse  
[stockhod@my.erau.edu](mailto:stockhod@my.erau.edu)

